# Level28

**[bell.png](/28/bell.png)** an image of a tree with a waterfall behind is given.


The title of the html is `many pairs ring-ring`.


Below the image are words in bold-yellow `RING-RING-RING` and `say it out loud`.


What does saying RING-RING-RING out loud mean? 


I was initially stuck here so I had to look for some hints?


The solutions online changed the url to green because saying RING-RING-RING out loud sounds like green.


Changing the url to [green](http://www.repeat:switch@pythonchallenge.com/pc/ring/green.html) tells you `yes! green!` in the web page.


I collected the green pixel values from the image. I printed only the first 30 green pixels because there were so many.


```python
from PIL import Image

with Image.open("bell.png") as img:
    r, g, b = img.split()
    greens = list(g.getdata())

print(greens[:30])


[55, 97, 73, 115, 120, 78, 60, 102, 76, 118, 114, 72, 59, 101, 119, 77, 92, 50, 30, 72, 53, 95, 133, 91, 93, 51, 110, 68, 112, 70]
```


It looks like the green-pixels are pretty random and have no patterns. I'm stuck again lol!


The solutions online said to group the items in the list as the html title said `many pairs ring-ring`.


I grouped the first, second green pixels as a group third, fourth and so on. I grouped it like this because some of the numbers had a difference of **42**. 

```python
pairs=list(zip(greens[0::2],greens[1::2]))
print(pairs[:30])

[(55, 97), (73, 115), (120, 78), (60, 102), (76, 118), (114, 72), (59, 101), (119, 77), (92, 50), (30, 72), (53, 95), (133, 91), (93, 51), (110, 68), (112, 70), (66, 108), (140, 182), (163, 121), (66, 24), (59, 17), (25, 67), (62, 20), (26, 68), (67, 25), (85, 43), (60, 18), (53, 11), (3, 45), (3, 45), (0, 42)]
```

Now we can see that some of the tuples have a difference of 42 between the first and second element in the tuple. There's actually quite a few of them. 


Since the majority of the tuples have a difference of 42 between each item I would probably have to save the tuples which don't have a difference of 42 between the first and second element.


I wrote a list comprehension checking if the absolute value of the difference in the tuple are not `42`. You need the absolute value because there are cases when subtracting the first element from the second element gives you a `-42`, which still has a difference of `42`. 


```python
irregular=[abs(a-b) for a,b, in pairs if abs(a-b) !=42]
print(irregular)

[119, 104, 111, 100, 117, 110, 110, 105, 116, 40, 41, 46, 115, 112, 108, 105, 116, 40, 41, 91, 48, 93, 32, 63]
```

Gathering the tuples which the elements don't have a difference of 42 gives you a list of numbers from `0~255`.


You know the drill know. List of integers from 0~255 to bytes let's do it 


```python
bytes([119, 104, 111, 100, 117, 110, 110, 105, 116, 40, 41, 46, 115, 112, 108, 105, 116, 40, 41, 91, 48, 93, 32, 63])
b'whodunnit().split()[0] ?'
```


We get `b'whodunnit().split()[0] ?'`. Who is `whodunnit`? 


According to **[wikipedia](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Whodunit)**  `whodunnit` is the main perpetrator of the crime. 


We're solving python challenge not criminal cases, so I'm just going to guess the guy who made Python is probably `whodunnit`?


**[Guido Van Rossum](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Guido_van_Rossum)** created Python.


I think it's probably right because you kind of want to use `str.split` on his name because it's separated with two spaces.


```python
name="Guido Van Rossum".split()[0]
'Guido'
```

Changing the url to http://www.repeat:switch@pythonchallenge.com/pc/ring/guido.html takes you to level29.